Running for average: None
Loading model
Loading lookup from /om2/user/ckauf/anaconda39/envs/perturbed3.8/lib/python3.8/site-packages/brainio_collection/lookup.csv
/net/vast-storage.ib.cluster/scratch/vast/cpl/ckauf/perturbed-neural-nlp/neural_nlp/../ressources/stimuli
I AM USING THE NEW SPLIT FUNCTION
I AM USING THE NEW CROSSVALIDATION SCRIPT
files/distilgpt2.original+Original.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition original+Original
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr1.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr1
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr3.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr3
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr5.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr5
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr7.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr7
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+backward.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+backward
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+lowPMI.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+lowPMI
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+random.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+random
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nouns.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nouns
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+randomnouns.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+randomnouns
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nounsverbs.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nounsverbs
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nounsverbsadj.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nounsverbsadj
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+contentwords.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+contentwords
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+functionwords.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+functionwords
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-random.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-random
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withinpassage.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withinpassage
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withintopic.sentence_surp.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withintopic
Running for average: avg
Loading model
files/distilgpt2.original+Original.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition original+Original
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr1.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr1
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr3.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr3
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr5.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr5
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr7.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr7
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+backward.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+backward
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+lowPMI.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+lowPMI
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+random.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+random
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nouns.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nouns
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+randomnouns.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+randomnouns
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nounsverbs.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nounsverbs
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nounsverbsadj.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nounsverbsadj
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+contentwords.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+contentwords
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+functionwords.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+functionwords
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-random.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-random
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withinpassage.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withinpassage
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withintopic.sentence_surp.average.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withintopic
Running for average: avg_sentlength
Loading model
files/distilgpt2.original+Original.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition original+Original
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr1.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr1
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr3.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr3
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr5.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr5
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+Scr7.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+Scr7
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+backward.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+backward
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+lowPMI.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+lowPMI
files/distilgpt2.scrambled+random.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition scrambled+random
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nouns.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nouns
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+randomnouns.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+randomnouns
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nounsverbs.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nounsverbs
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+nounsverbsadj.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+nounsverbsadj
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+contentwords.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+contentwords
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+functionwords.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+functionwords
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-random.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-random
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withinpassage.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withinpassage
files/distilgpt2.perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withintopic.sentence_surp.average_sentlength.txt
Getting distilgpt2 probabilities for condition perturbed+sentenceshuffle-withintopic
